First copy the open2300.conf-dist file to a location where you want the
open2300 tools to read their configuration information.

Unless you specify the pathname when invoking the programs the config file
must be called open2300.conf.

Default locations in chronological order are 
  1. Path to config file including filename given as parameter
     (not supported by all tools)
  2. ./open2300.conf (current working directory)
  3. /usr/local/etc/open2300.conf (typical Linux location)
  4. /etc/open2300.conf (typical Linux location)

For Windows it is most natural to keep the config file in the same directory
as the executables. But for Windows it is best to specify the full path name
of the config file. Most of the advanced programs in this package can take
the path to the config file as a parameter.
For those small tools that cannot - it is best to run the program from the
same working directory as where you have the config file.

Setting the serial port.
In Windows you always have access to COM1, COM2 etc.
In Linux it is more tricky.
Make sure that the user that runs the binaries has both read and
write access to this device.

Example

chmod 766 /dev/ttyS1
will give access to everyone for COM2.

If you want to use the program wu2300 which uploads your weather station
data to Weather Underground (http://www.wunderground.com) you will need
to register your station at Weather Underground first. You will then get
an ID and a password. These must be changed config file.
If your computer clock does not run GMT/UTC then you must set the
timezone parameter also.

There is no configure script.
Edit the Makefile manually to change prefix and if needed install directory.

Default is /usr/local/bin
If you just want the binary executable in the current directory just run
'make' and skip the 'make install'.

In Windows it is probably easier to skip the make install and copy the
executables manually if needed.

You can also run 'make open2300' or 'make dump2300' etc to just create one
executable

So the fast track steps again are

	Edit the Makefile and run...

    make
    
    make install
    
To install under Windows either use the binaries or compile the sources using
your favorite C compiler.
The author has tested everything with the MinGW C-Compiler
http://www.mingw.org/

Note: Also read the README
make install only copies the most important of the binaries to the
bin directory.

The mysql2300 has not yet been tested under Windows at the time of the release
and there is no binary version for Windows yet.
For Linux it requires that you have the mysql client development stuff installed.
As RPM it is the "mysql-devel" that must be installed.
The mysql stuff will be further tested and developed in the next versions.
The Makefile fits a RedHat default installation. If you have a different placement
of mysql.h and libmysqlclient.so then find out where they are and change the
Makefile. The -I switch is for the include file mysql.h and -L is for the library
file libmysqlclient.so.10.
Because not all have MySQL installed the make all does not include the mysql2300.
Run 'make mysql2300' to build it.
You need to setup a database on MySQL. The default open2300.conf assumes the database
is called open2300, with a user called open2300 with password mysql2300.
Run the mysql2300.sql file in mysql to create the table "weather" in your database.

The pgsql2300 is built using 'make pgsql2300'. It is only available for Linux.

The files in the htdocs directory is a simple PHP page. It will run on any
webserver that runs PHP. Just copy the files to your web document tree.
It assumes the binary fetch2300 to be in /usr/local/bin. Just change the path
if needed.
